---
layout: post
title: We Love Free + Open Source
---

# {{ page.title }}

[BrewPony](http://brewpony.com) is a coffee company built upon [Open
Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source) software and founded by open
source contributors.

None of us Ponies would be where we are today were it not for Open Source. We
are eternally grateful to all of the tens of thousands of people who have
donated millions of hours to develop the philosophies and the tools which allow
us to build the products and services which we provide to you every day.

Words alone can't express our gratitude to the Open Source community, so we
here at BrewPony are going to&#8212;quite literally&#8212;put our money where
our mouth is.

If you have ever contributed to an Open Source project in _any way_, please
[email our support Ponies](mailto:support@brewpony.com?subject="I am an Open
Source Contributor!") telling them to which project(s) you've contributed and
how and we'll email you back with a coupon code worth 10% off any BrewPony
product. For as long as you live. 

That's right: A lifetime of 10% off any BrewPony product because you've
contributed to Open Source.

All you have to do is [write](mailto:support@brewpony.com?subject="I am an Open
Source Contributor!") and ask and it's yours.

And thank you. Thank you all.

###FAQ:

**What counts as a contribution?** Maintaining a project, submitting a patch,
writing documentation, reviewing code, submitting a bug (an underrated
contribution!), participating in official listserv/IRC discussions, and similar
activities. There's a lot more to Open Source than just the code. We want to
reward **ALL** contributors because you all make Open Source what it is. It's
not just about the programmers. It's about the people.

**For life?** Yes, for life! For as long as you and BrewPony are both going
concerns, you get 10% off everything we sell.

**May I share my discount with a friend?** While, as Open Source advocates,
we're all for sharing, we'd rather you didn't. Instead, how about you help your
friend contribute to an open source project so (s)he can then write and request
a discount code? Then you'd be helping far more people than just your friend.
Everyone will be a winner.

